# This file lists legacy commands to explicitly ignore.

ij.plugin.Commands("quit")                 # File > Quit
ij.plugin.Clipboard("scopy")               # Edit > Copy To System
ij.plugin.filter.Filters("invert")         # Edit > Invert
ij.plugin.Options("display")               # Edit > Options > Appearance (old)
ij.plugin.Colors                           # Edit > Options > Colors
ij.plugin.Options("reset")                 # Edit > Options > Reset...
ij.plugin.Selection("add")                 # Edit > Selection > Add To Manager
ij.plugin.Selection("all")                 # Edit > Selection > Select All
ij.plugin.Selection("none")                # Edit > Selection > Select None
ij.plugin.frame.RoiManager                 # Image > Analyze > Tools > ROI Manager
ij.plugin.frame.ColorPicker                # Image > Color > Color Picker
ij.plugin.CompositeConverter               # Image > Color > Make Composite
ij.plugin.Duplicator                       # Image > Duplicate
ij.plugin.HyperStackConverter("hstostack") # Image > HyperStack > HyperStack To Stack
ij.plugin.HyperStackConverter("stacktohs") # Image > HyperStack > Stack To HyperStack
ij.plugin.LutLoader("3-3-2 RGB")           # Image > Lookup Tables > 3-3-2 RGB
ij.plugin.LutLoader("redgreen")            # Image > Lookup Tables > Red/Green
ij.plugin.OverlayCommands("image")         # Image > Overlay > Add Image
ij.plugin.OverlayCommands("add")           # Image > Overlay > Add Selection
ij.plugin.OverlayCommands("from")          # Image > Overlay > From ROI Manager
ij.plugin.OverlayCommands("hide")          # Image > Overlay > Hide Overlay
ij.plugin.OverlayCommands("show")          # Image > Overlay > Show Overlay
ij.plugin.OverlayCommands("to")            # Image > Overlay > To ROI Manager
ij.plugin.StackEditor("add")               # Image > Stacks > Add Slice
ij.plugin.StackEditor("delete")            # Image > Stacks > Delete Slice
ij.plugin.Animator("next")                 # Image > Stacks > Next Slice
ij.plugin.Animator("previous")             # Image > Stacks > Prev Slice
ij.plugin.Animator("set")                  # Image > Stacks > Set Slice
ij.plugin.Animator("options")              # Image > Stacks > Tools > Animation Options...
ij.plugin.Animator("start")                # Image > Stacks > Tools > Start Animation
ij.plugin.Animator("stop")                 # Image > Stacks > Tools > Stop Animation
ij.plugin.Converter("8-bit")               # Image > Type > 8-bit
ij.plugin.Converter("16-bit")              # Image > Type > 16-bit
ij.plugin.Converter("32-bit")              # Image > Type > 32-bit
ij.plugin.Zoom("in")                       # Image > Zoom > In
ij.plugin.Zoom("out")                      # Image > Zoom > Out
ij.plugin.Zoom("set")                      # Image > Zoom > Set...
ij.plugin.Zoom("max")                      # Image > Zoom command (hidden command)
ij.plugin.filter.Binary("close")           # Process > Binary > Close-
ij.plugin.Thresholder("mask")              # Process > Binary > Convert To Mask
ij.plugin.Thresholder                      # Process > Binary > Make Binary
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("abs")          # Process > Math > Abs
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("exp")          # Process > Math > Exp
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("log")          # Process > Math > Log
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("macro")        # Process > Math > Macro
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("reciprocal")   # Process > Math > Reciprocal
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("sqr")          # Process > Math > Sqr
ij.plugin.filter.ImageMath("sqrt")         # Process > Math > Sqrt
ij.plugin.filter.Filters("add")            # Process > Noise > Add Noise
ij.plugin.Hotkeys("install")               # Plugins > Shortcuts > Create Shortcut...
ij.plugin.AboutBox                         # Help > About ImageJ...
ij.plugin.ImageJ_Updater                   # Help > Update ImageJ...
ij.plugin.StackReverser                    # Image > Transform > Flip Z and Image > Stack > Tools > Reverse
net.imagej.legacy.SwitchToModernMode       # Help > Switch to Modern Mode
fiji.updater.Updater("update")             # Help > Update Fiji
###### PHASE THESE OUT SOON
#ij.plugin.Converter("8-bit Color")         # Image > Type > 8-bit Color
#ij.plugin.Converter("RGB Color")           # Image > Type > RGB Color
#ij.plugin.Converter("RGB Stack")           # Image > Type > RGB Stack
#ij.plugin.Converter("HSB Stack")           # Image > Type > HSB Stack
